Explicit tour update (#21897)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/getting-started/tour.md

1.  Read through the code, clicking on a token and then **Go to definition** to navigate to its definition as needed.
1.  If you have unanswered questions, use the blame information to determine who wrote the code, and send them a Sourcegraph link to the relevant code along with your specific questions.

> Using an Open Source repo, you can follow the steps above to navigate to the implementation of the [`getLocation`](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/Microsoft/node-jsonc-parser@e31983089c88114c7cc17f8c729feb493295c69d/-/blob/src/impl/parser.ts#L26:17) function. From there, keep drilling down until you get to the [`createScanner`](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/Microsoft/node-jsonc-parser@e31983089c88114c7cc17f8c729feb493295c69d/-/blob/src/impl/scanner.ts#L13:17) function. To arrive there step-by-step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an Open Source repo, you can follow the steps above to navigate to the implementation of the [`getLocation`](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/Microsoft/node-jsonc-parser@e31983089c88114c7cc17f8c729feb493295c69d/-/blob/src/impl/parser.ts#L26:17) function. From there, keep drilling down depth-first until you get to the [`createScanner`](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/Microsoft/node-jsonc-parser@e31983089c88114c7cc17f8c729feb493295c69d/-/blob/src/impl/scanner.ts#L13:17) function. Explicitly, this involves: reading `getLocation` until you reach the first new function, `visit`; then finding the implementation of `visit` via "get references" and reading `visit` until you reach the first new function, `createScanner`. 
```

> 
> 1. Start by searching for [repo:Microsoft/node-jsonc-parser getLocation](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:Microsoft/node-jsonc-parser+getLocation).
> 1. Navigate to the [getLocation definition](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/microsoft/node-jsonc-parser/-/blob/src/impl/parser.ts#L41:17).
> 1. When you reach the `visit` function, [view the hover tool tip](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/microsoft/node-jsonc-parser/-/blob/src/impl/parser.ts#L63:3), and click `Go to definition`. 
> 1. When reviewing the `visit` [function definition](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/microsoft/node-jsonc-parser/-/blob/src/impl/parser.ts#L386:17), cilck on the [createScanner hover tool tip](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/microsoft/node-jsonc-parser/-/blob/src/impl/parser.ts#L388:19).
> 1. Click `Go to definition`, and arrive at the [`createScanner` function](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/microsoft/node-jsonc-parser/-/blob/src/impl/scanner.ts#L13:17).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I personally would remove – I think that this makes it look "scary long/complicated" to use Sourcegraph and that it's potentially over-written for a developer who is used to reading code. I think clues like "depth first" and "first new function" should be enough guidance here – I think our audience for this guide is primarily technical folks, is that right? (If it's not, then we should consider more explicit handholding throughout!) 

Also, just a small note for future reference – clicking `Go to definition` takes you to the declaration, not the implementation, which isn't what you'd need to follow this path (here's gotodef for visit https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/microsoft/node-jsonc-parser@e31983089c88114c7cc17f8c729feb493295c69d/-/blob/src/main.ts#L126:14 vs find references https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/microsoft/node-jsonc-parser@e31983089c88114c7cc17f8c729feb493295c69d/-/blob/src/impl/parser.ts#L369:17 results)
